age_range_category: used
gamevideo_consume_level_30d: used
alllive_recent_14d_total_show_days: used
alllive_total_comment_pv_14d: used
alllive_total_like_pv_14d: used
alllive_total_show_pv_14d: used
alllive_total_watch_duration_14d: used
alllive_total_watch_pv_14d: used
allvideo_high_value_follow_play_time_14d: used
allvideo_high_value_follow_vv_14d: used
allvideo_high_value_unfollow_play_time_14d: used
allvideo_high_value_unfollow_vv_14d: used
allvideo_recent_biweek_total_video_show_days: used
allvideo_total_comment_cnt_14d: used
allvideo_total_dislike_cnt_14d: used
allvideo_total_favourite_video_cnt_14d: used
allvideo_total_finish_vv_14d: used
allvideo_total_like_cnt_14d: used
allvideo_total_play_time_14d: used
allvideo_total_valid_vv_cnt_14d: used
allvideo_total_vv_14d: used
gamelive_consume_level_30d: used
gamelive_recent_14d_total_show_days: used
gamelive_total_show_pv_14d: used
gamelive_total_watch_duration_14d: used
gamevideo_consume_level_30d: used
gamevideo_high_value_unfollow_vv_14d: used
gamevideo_recent_biweek_total_video_show_days: used
gamevideo_total_finish_vv_14d: used
gamevideo_total_like_cnt_14d: used
gamevideo_total_play_time_14d: used
gamevideo_total_valid_vv_cnt_14d: used
gamevideo_total_vv_14d: used
latest_active_windows: used
launch_duration_mins_30d: used
recent_30d_active_cnt: used
watch_layer: used